<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title dir="auto">Chapter 7</title>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
<h1 id="chapter-7-the-goblin-s-secret">Chapter 7 - The Goblin’s Secret</h1>

<p>As the group continued their journey, they couldn’t help but notice that Bert, the tall and mysterious leader of the goblins, seemed to be hiding something. He would often slip away during the night, leaving Arthur and the others to wonder what he was up to.</p>

<p>One night, as they were camping in a dense forest, Gob and Snorfler stumbled upon Bert deep in thought, his eyes fixed on a small, intricately carved box in his hands.</p>

<p>“What’s that?” Gob asked, his curiosity piqued.</p>

<p>Bert hesitated for a moment before answering. “It’s a family heirloom,” he said, his voice filled with emotion. “A secret that has been passed down through generations of goblins.”</p>

<p>“What kind of secret?” Arthur asked, his own curiosity getting the better of him.</p>

<p>Bert looked at them each in turn before speaking. “The truth about our people,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper. “We goblins are not just simple thieves and mischief-makers. We have a hidden power, a magic that has been kept secret for centuries.”</p>

<p>The group exchanged amazed glances, their minds racing with the possibilities.</p>

<p>“Tell us,” Snorfler urged, his eyes shining with excitement.</p>

<p>Bert took a deep breath before speaking. “Our people have the ability to control the elements,” he said, his voice filled with wonder. “We can summon the winds, conjure fire and water, and bend the earth to our will.”</p>

<p>The group was stunned into silence, their minds reeling with the implications. They had always known that goblins were special, but they had never suspected anything like this.</p>

<p>“But why have you kept this secret?” Arthur asked, his voice filled with awe.</p>

<p>Bert sighed before answering. “Our people have been persecuted for centuries,” he said, his voice heavy with sadness. “Humans see us as nothing more than pests and thieves, and they would stop at nothing to exploit our power. We have kept it a secret to protect ourselves and our way of life.”</p>

<p>The group nodded in understanding, their respect for the goblins growing even greater. They knew that they had been given a great honor, to be trusted with such a powerful secret.</p>

<p>“But now that you know,” Bert said, his voice filled with hope, “will you help us use our power for good? Will you stand by our side as we reclaim our rightful place in this world?”</p>

<p>The group looked at each other and nodded, their hearts filled with determination. They knew that they had been given a great responsibility, but they were ready for the challenge. Together, they would face whatever lay ahead, using their newfound knowledge to make the world a better place for all.</p>

<p>And so, the group set out once again, their hearts filled with hope and their spirits filled with wonder. They knew that they would face many more adventures together, but they were ready for whatever lay ahead. For they had discovered something truly special – a new sense of purpose and belonging, and a new way of looking at the world that was full of magic and possibility.</p>

</body>
</html>
