<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title dir="auto">Chapter 10</title>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
<h1 id="chapter-10-the-goblin-s-trial">Chapter 10 - The Goblin’s Trial</h1>

<p>Arthur knew that he had to do something more to prove himself to the goblins. He had used the magic of the ancient book to help them rebuild their lives and their lands, but he could feel the resentment towards him still lingering in the air. He knew that he had to show them that he was not just a human, but a true ally and friend.</p>

<p>And so, Arthur proposed an idea to the goblins. He would undergo a trial, a test of his worthiness to be considered one of their own. He would face challenges and obstacles, each one designed to prove his bravery, his intelligence, and his loyalty to the goblin cause.</p>

<p>The goblins were skeptical at first, but Arthur was determined to convince them. He knew that this was his chance to prove himself once and for all, to show the goblins that he was not just a human, but a true friend and ally.</p>

<p>And so, the trial began. Arthur was tasked with retrieving a rare and valuable gemstone from deep within a dark and dangerous cave. The cave was filled with deadly traps and vicious creatures, each one designed to test his mettle and prove his worth.</p>

<p>But Arthur was not deterred. He knew that this was his chance to prove himself, and he was determined to succeed. He used the magic of the ancient book to guide him, to protect him from harm and to give him the strength and courage he needed to face whatever challenges lay ahead.</p>

<p>As he made his way deeper into the cave, Arthur encountered all manner of dangers. He fought off giant spiders and skeletons, dodged deadly traps and obstacles, and outsmarted the cave’s many puzzles and riddles.</p>

<p>But despite the challenges he faced, Arthur refused to give up. He knew that the goblins were watching him, that they were judging him and testing his worthiness. And he was determined to pass their test, to prove himself as a true ally and friend.</p>

<p>Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Arthur reached the heart of the cave. There, he found the rare and valuable gemstone, glowing with a fierce and magical light. He picked it up, feeling a sense of pride and accomplishment wash over him.</p>

<p>And as he made his way back out of the cave, Arthur could feel the eyes of the goblins upon him. They were watching him, judging him, and testing his worthiness. And he knew that he had passed their test, that he had proven himself to be a true ally and friend.</p>

<p>“Well done, Arthur,” Snorfler said, his voice filled with approval. “You have proven yourself to be a worthy ally and friend to the goblins. We accept you as one of our own.”</p>

<p>And with that, Arthur was officially welcomed into the goblin tribe. He had passed their test, and he had proven himself to be a true friend and ally. And he knew that he would do whatever it took to protect and defend the goblins, just as they had done for him.</p>

<p>From that day forward, Arthur was known as one of the goblins’ own. He had earned their trust and their respect, and he had proven himself to be a true ally and friend. And he knew that he would do whatever it took to protect and defend the goblins, just as they had done for him.</p>

</body>
</html>
