<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title dir="auto">Chapter 8</title>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
<h1 id="chapter-8-the-goblin-s-revenge">Chapter 8 - The Goblin’s Revenge</h1>

<p>As the group journeyed deeper into the heart of the goblin’s territory, they couldn’t help but feel a sense of unease. They had been welcomed with open arms by Bert and his companions, but they knew that not all humans were as accepting of their kind. In fact, many humans saw goblins as nothing more than pests to be exterminated.</p>

<p>Arthur, in particular, was haunted by the memories of his past encounters with humans. He had always been a curious and adventurous soul, but his love of exploration had often led him into dangerous situations. He had been chased by angry villagers, beaten by town guards, and even left for dead in the middle of nowhere.</p>

<p>But now, as he traveled with Bert and his companions, Arthur felt a sense of belonging that he had never experienced before. He was no longer just a loner, wandering the countryside, but part of a community that accepted him for who he was.</p>

<p>As they approached the outskirts of the goblin’s territory, the group could see the ruins of an old castle in the distance. It was surrounded by a dense forest, and its once-grand halls were now overgrown with vines and moss.</p>

<p>“That’s where we’ll find the humans who have been persecuting our kind,” Bert said, his voice filled with determination. “They have taken over our lands, stolen our resources, and driven many of our kin to extinction. It is time for them to pay for their crimes.”</p>

<p>The group nodded in agreement, their hearts filled with a sense of justice. They knew that they were fighting for something greater than themselves – the rights and dignity of an oppressed people.</p>

<p>As they approached the castle, they could hear the sound of drums beating in the distance. It was a fierce and primal rhythm, one that seemed to reverberate deep within their souls.</p>

<p>“That’s the call to arms,” Bert said, his voice filled with excitement. “The goblins of this land have been waiting for this moment for centuries. They will rise up and take back what is rightfully theirs.”</p>

<p>The group followed Bert as he led them through the forest, avoiding traps and pitfalls along the way. They could feel the ground shaking beneath their feet as the goblins rallied to their cause.</p>

<p>As they reached the castle gates, Arthur could see the fear in the eyes of the humans who manned the walls. They knew that they were outnumbered and outmatched by the goblin’s magic and determination.</p>

<p>“You have been warned,” Bert said, his voice dripping with malice. “Leave our lands now, or face the consequences.”</p>

<p>The humans on the wall trembled with fear, knowing that they were no match for the goblins’ power. They turned and fled, leaving their castle and their belongings behind.</p>

<p>As the group entered the castle, they could feel the weight of history bearing down upon them. They knew that they were standing in the footsteps of their ancestors, who had fought and died for this very moment.</p>

<p>“This is our victory,” Bert said, his voice filled with emotion. “Our people have been oppressed for too long. It is time for us to rise up and take back what is rightfully ours.”</p>

<p>The group nodded in agreement, their hearts filled with a sense of pride and purpose. They knew that they were part of something greater than themselves – a revolution that would change the course of history forever.</p>

</body>
</html>
