<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title dir="auto">Chapter 2</title>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
<h1 id="chapter-2-the-goblin-cave">Chapter 2 - The Goblin Cave</h1>

<p>The night was over, and Arthur had returned to his duties at the store, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that his life was about to change forever. He had just committed a crime with a group of goblins, and yet, he felt grateful for the adventure and the new friends he had made.</p>

<p>As he restocked the shelves, Arthur found himself daydreaming about the goblins and their secret underground lair. He couldn’t help but wonder what other secrets they held, and what other adventures lay ahead.</p>

<p>It was then that he heard a faint noise coming from the back of the store. He turned to see Snorfler and Gob creeping towards him, their eyes fixed on something behind the counter.</p>

<p>“What are you doing here?” Arthur whispered, his heart racing.</p>

<p>“We came to return your share of the loot,” Snorfler said, her voice muffled by the canned goods. “We know you’re in on this with us now, so we wanted to make sure you got your fair share.”</p>

<p>Arthur was taken aback by the goblins’ generosity. He had expected them to be more selfish and greedy, but instead, they were showing a surprising level of loyalty and respect towards him.</p>

<p>“Thank you,” he said, his voice filled with emotion. “But I think I have something even better for you.”</p>

<p>Arthur motioned for the goblins to follow him, and he led them to the store’s back room. Inside, he had set up a small feast of canned goods and drinks, complete with napkins and paper plates.</p>

<p>“I know we just stole all your canned beans,” Arthur said, his voice filled with laughter. “But I wanted to share something with you. I know you goblins love a good feast, so I set this up for you.”</p>

<p>The goblins were taken aback by the spread before them. They had never seen such abundance and variety in their lives, and they couldn’t believe that Arthur had done all of this for them.</p>

<p>“This is amazing!” Snorfler exclaimed, her voice filled with wonder. “How did you do all of this?”</p>

<p>Arthur smiled and shrugged his shoulders. “I just wanted to show you that I’m in on this with you. I know we’re not supposed to be friends, but I can’t help how I feel.”</p>

<p>The group fell into a happy silence, their bellies full of canned goods and their hearts filled with joy. It was then that Bert spoke up, his voice filled with a newfound respect for Arthur.</p>

<p>“I have to admit, I’m impressed by your generosity,” he said, his eyes gleaming with admiration. “Not many humans would go out of their way to help goblins like this.”</p>

<p>Arthur blushed at the compliment, feeling a warmth in his heart that he had never felt before. He knew that he was taking a risk by befriending the goblins, but he couldn’t help himself. He was drawn to their mischievous nature and their determination to live life on their own terms.</p>

<p>“I know we’re not supposed to be friends,” Arthur said, his voice filled with emotion. “But I can’t help how I feel. You’re all amazing individuals, and I’m honored to know you.”</p>

<p>The group fell into a warm embrace, their differences forgotten in the face of their newfound friendship. As they hugged each other, Arthur knew that his life was about to change forever. He had just committed a crime with a group of goblins, but he had also found something truly special – a new family, and a new sense of belonging.</p>

</body>
</html>
